[soft music]
[dramatic music]
[man] Lower away.
Move it!
Easy as it goes, lads.
Full sail, captain.
[man 2] Very good, sir.
Shore party, stand by to board.
[man] Shore party ready.
[man 2]
Over the side, then.
There ya go, men.
[man]
You heard the captain, lads.
Cast off.
[narrator]
Lo, you now, of days long past,
the time when the world was young,
when sorcery thrived
and wild adventure was
forever in the offing.
And of this epoch, little is known,
save that which is veiled in
the mists of legendry.
[thunder rumbling]
- [rain pouring]
- [wind howling]
[narrator] It is within these mists
that our tale begins.
On Tomb Island, a rocky crag perched
at the far edge of the world.
- [waves crashing]
- [suspenseful music]
[rocks crumbling]
We're not to be disturbed.
Wait for us at the boats.
Yes, Your Majesty.
[ominous music]
Get on with it, witch!
[woman hissing]
[flames hissing]
[woman speaking foreign language]
[gasps]
[woman gasping, breathing heavily]
[speaking foreign language,
voice distorting]
- [faces screaming]
- [woman continues]
[screaming, groaning]
[woman continues]
[wind howling]
[woman moaning]
[faces screaming]
[wind howling]
[voices echoing]
[dramatic music]
[woman screaming]
Look!
It lives!
[creature growling]
[speaks indistinctly]
Who are thou?
Titus Cromwell, King of Aragon.
What is wished of me?
[Cromwell]
We need your help recovering Ehdan.
It's the richest kingdom in the world.
And I want it.
Why dost thou crave my services?
Thou art a king with an army.
[Cromwell] Four times I've been defeated
by King Richard of Ehdan,
but with your help I will be victorious.
And what wouldst thou bestow upon me?
- [man] Your life is enough.
- [grunts]
After all, how can we be
sure a toad like you
even has the power to aid us.
[growling]
[dramatic music]
No, do...
You are my master.
You are my God!
[woman screaming]
[creature growling]
[woman grunting]
- [bones cracking]
- [screaming]
[ominous music]
As thou can see, my art is powerful!
I will allow you to live as
long as you serve me.
Betray me,
and I will joyfully send you
back to rot in hell,
Xusia of Delos.
Thou shalt have thy kingdom,
and I...I too shall have
what should be mine.
[dramatic music]
[narrator] A thousand leagues away,
the wondrous kingdom of Ehdan
was celebrating 20 years
of peace and tranquility.
- [soft music]
- Once a haven for barbaric plunder,
Ehdan had been transformed
into a prospering civilized nation
by the wise and strong King Richard.
Richard. Come, Richard.
We mustn't keep everyone waiting.
What troubles you?
The nightmares,
the dreams still haunt me.
What did Amilious tell you about them?
He said...
What he said was that
it's too much of this kingly life.
[narrator]
Unbeknownst to them all,
Cromwell's armies,
aided by Xusia's black sorcery,
had already stormed across
the borders of Ehdan
leaving behind a wake of ungodly death,
disease, and destruction.
[somber music]
[thunder rumbling]
King Richard is finished.
Half of his army lay rotting before us.
We can now deal with the good king
without the aid of a sorcerer.
Besides, if we don't kill Xusia now
while he's still weak from his conjuring,
we might never be rid of him.
[Xusia] Cromwell!
[ominous music]
Thou had sent for me.
[Cromwell] Why behold, our hero.
Get to the point.
I'm weary.
Well then you shall sleep
forever.
- [Xusia screaming]
- [suspenseful music]
[thunder crashing]
[narrator]
Even without Xusia's sorcery,
Cromwell could not be stopped.
Only one army stood between
him and the city.
[knocking on door]
[soft music]
[Richard] Tavis. My son.
Bring a leech.
Move!
- Father.
- No, no, no trying to talk, no.
Wait for the leech.
There is no time.
[ominous music]
The eastern army has been destroyed.
Destroyed?
Father, it's bla--
- [thunder rumbling]
- [dramatic music]
Tavis. [gasps]
[somber music]
Tavis.
Go.
Roust Duncan, he will ride with me.
The others I leave in your charge.
Take them and escape.
A boat awaits you on the river.
Go now.
Quickly, Malia.
[Talon] Take me to battle, father.
You'll need me.
I do love you more than life itself.
[soft music]
If I die, it will fall upon you...
[foreboding music]
...to avenge me.
Do you understand, Talon?
I understand.
[militaristic music]
[narrator]
And so it came to pass
that the remnants of Richard's armies
met Cromwell's black hordes
in a final desperate battle
here on the sea cliffs of Elysium.
The fate of Ehdan had been decided.
[man] Talon.
Talon.
[Talon] Mogullen.
- Mogullen.
- [gasps]
Where's my father?
Don't worry about the king.
The battle is lost.
We must save the queen.
Cromwell will be after her next.
[dramatic music]
Let's finish it.
- [man grunting]
- [Richard groaning]
Father!
[Mogullen] No, Talon.
Listen to me.
Avenge your father another day.
Cromwell will try to stop
your mother's escape down the river.
You must save her.
You hear?
The future of the kingdom
is in your hands.
Now go!
Go, go!
- Go!
- [suspenseful music]
[Malia] Go, children.
Henry! Come back!
- [men shouting]
- [screaming]
Henry!
You bastard! [sobbing]
- No, no. No, no!
- Mama!
- [sobbing] No!
I'll spare your daughter
if you officially proclaim me king.
- Never!
- [grunts]
Pull it out!
[groans]
[triumphant music]
Malia, you fool!
No!
[dramatic music]
[man shouts]
[Talon grunting]
[sword firing]
[man screaming]
[Talon yelling]
- [sword firing]
- [man screaming]
[grunting]
[foreboding music]
Find that boy on your lives.
Don't return without him.
I want him.
[frenetic music]
[narrator]
For years the boy was to be hunted.
Cromwell's assassins found not a trace.
Talon had simply vanished into the void.
[soft music]
Years passed and rumors began to rumble
through the outland kingdoms
of a fearless adventurer,
a warrior who roamed trackless deserts,
mighty mountains and shining seas.
These rumors grew into legends
about this man who was at once
a buccaneer,
a slave, a rogue, a general...
- [man] Talon!
- [swelling music]
[narrator] Then, just days before
the 11th anniversary
of Cromwell's victory over King Richard,
a band of mercenaries arrived
on the outskirts of Ehdan.
[man] Why did we stop here, general?
I have a debt to pay.
But sir, King Lambosia is waiting
for us at Maladon.
He can wait.
Relax, Darius.
[Darius]
I hope this isn't a mistake, general.
Lambosia might lose his
kingdom while we're here.
[Talon] Then we'll win it back!
[upbeat music]
[men shouting]
[foreboding music]
[steam hissing]
[ominous music]
[woman hissing]
Out of my way, witch.
I've been summoned to carry a message
crucial to the final conflict.
I implore you to pardon this intrusion,
lord and master.
Speak, dog.
[man]
Arrangements have been made to crush
Prince Mikah's rebellion.
And to deliver Alana to
Cromwell for marriage.
For eight years I have been
submerged in the Black Sea
to heal the wounds of
Cromwell's treachery.
After I slept, I conjured.
And now,
I shall conquer.
In two days' time,
with the rising of the seventh moon,
Cromwell's power, Cromwell's bride,
and Cromwell's flesh shall be mine!
[dramatic music]
[foreboding music]
What do you want?
Your generals have gathered
in the war room.
They await instructions and
plans for the final conflict.
You handle it.
But sire, it is imperative--
It is imperative that you obey my orders
if you wish to live.
[solemn music]
Yes, my lord.
Tell Cromwell not to worry.
With him leading us,
we will crush the rebellion and
capture Princess Alana.
Unless your information about
the rebels proves false,
Count Machelli.
[tense music]
[indistinct chattering]
[man] Take these orders
and return to your men, Rodrigo.
I will send word as to when
our rebellion begins.
Yes, Prince Mikah.
[bright music playing]
[wind howling]
[music stops]
[man]
No animals allowed in here.
Hush, Dolf.
Quiet.
- [door slamming]
- [Dolf gasps]
You look like a thirsty lot.
Bring us a bucket.
[bartender]
A bucket, yes. [laughing]
[indistinct chattering]
If you warriors are looking for work,
you've come to the right place.
[Talon] Why is that?
The people in Ehdan are about to rebel.
What kind of an animal are you?
I can't quite tell.
[bartender]
Here, you've had too much to drink.
[men grunting]
- [head slamming]
- [drunk groaning]
- Go on.
- [chuckles]
As I was saying,
there are two bidders for your swords,
King Cromwell the usurper,
Lord Mikah, the last legitimate
heir to the throne.
[Talon] What legitimate heir?
[bartender] Mikah's father was
King Richard's closest advisor.
The people believe him and his sister
to be the rightful heirs.
[man shouting]
All is set, Mikah.
Proceed as planned, tomorrow.
Excellent, Count.
Tomorrow the throne of Ehdan
shall belong to you,
its legitimate heir.
It's ironic that the people of Ehdan
should owe their freedom to
Cromwell's poor chancellor.
[Machelli]
They will owe me nothing, my friend.
Justice is its own reward.
You're a good man, Machelli.
I must go now.
You and I will have no further contact.
It is no longer safe.
Machelli.
You will be well rewarded for this.
[tense music]
Thank you.
Your Majesty.
[indistinct chattering]
[knocking on door]
Has my sister made it safely
into the city?
[man] Yes, my Lord Mikah.
The Princess Alana is waiting inside.
[Mikah] Alana.
It's good to see you sister.
[Alana] Oh, Mikah.
You're late.
Now come and have a look.
[Mikah]
A map of the castle's secret passages.
Alana,
how did you get this?
Cromwell's whore Elizabeth
is partial to our cause.
She pilfered them from Cromwell himself.
With allies like these, how can we lose?
[Alana] Yes, but what is he plotting?
He's got all the neighboring
kings here and--
Shh. It matters not.
I've just come from
speaking with Machelli.
The rebellion begins tomorrow.
- Spread the word.
- [bright music]
Quickly, now.
I can hardly believe it.
Tomorrow, I shall be king.
The crown will be yours.
Yes.
But I'll not wear it, Alana.
The crown belongs to the people.
- [door crashing]
- [dramatic music]
Cromwell.
What have we here?
A nest of cobras?
There's only one snake in Ehdan, Cromwell.
Is that you, Alana?
I was hoping you weren't
a part of all this.
Go warn the others!
- [swords clashing]
- [Mikah] Guard!
[man grunts]
[man shouts]
- [Alana shouting]
- Have at me, Mikah.
Come on!
[Mikah screams]
Your rebellion is over!
[groaning]
Take him.
[Mikah groaning]
[foreboding music]
[suspenseful music]
- [dog barking]
- No. Oh, no.
[man] Oh, yes.
- [grunting]
- [men laughing]
Now I poke you with my dagger, huh?
[suspenseful music]
Not this time, slut.
Ya got lucky with me outside,
you did. [laughing]
I'm going to mount you like
you've never been.
With what?
[man grunting]
She's a wild one, this one!
[Alana yelling]
[man] Let's have a look at your goods.
Now.
[Alana] No.
- [man] My, what have we here?
- No!
Take her down.
No!
- No!
- [fabric tearing]
[bright music]
Beat it, pig, or die.
That's a small threat.
That's a very small threat.
Why, you scum!
[shouting]
[sword and shield clattering]
[man shouts indistinctly]
- [blow thuds]
- [man grunts]
- [man groaning]
- [playful music]
[Alana whimpering]
[soft music]
[Talon] Stop shaking.
You're safe now.
[knocking on door]
[light music]
Me lady.
Caliba says your brother was
captured by Cromwell himself.
We have to get the word out.
No attack tomorrow.
Right, this way.
In here, me lady.
Dates.
No beef?
[man] As you wish.
Just a leg or
shall I bring the whole cow?
A leg will do.
Word is being passed.
You Ehdanians know good wine.
I didn't bring you here to get drunk.
Why did you bring me here?
Is your sword for hire?
That depends.
I would pay anything for it.
Well if the price is right,
my sword is yours.
Not so fast.
Oh but my sword is poised.
[table creaking]
Nothing in life is free.
First, a task.
So what do you want, a throat cut?
I want you to rescue my brother.
And what am I to be paid?
200 talons.
That's not what I had in mind.
500 talons.
[soft music]
All right.
Anything you want.
But only for one night.
So tell me, where is this
brother of yours?
He's in Cromwell's dungeons.
Now you want me to snatch your brother
from the king's dungeons for
one night with you?
That's a slim bounty for such a task.
- Why, you bastard!
- [hand slapping]
[swelling music]
All right.
The life of your brother for
one night with you.
I expect my bounty perfumed and pretty.
Me lady, 50 of our people
have been trapped in Skull Cave
by King Cromwell's Red Dragon archers.
Is there anything we can do to help them?
No, me lady.
Nothin' can save them now.
Well we can't just sit by while
they're being butchered.
What about you?
Can you help us?
What do you take me for?
[man] 'Tis suicide.
Quiet, Craccus.
Risking his life is his profession.
Risk,
not throw away.
What's the matter,
is your sword too small?
And what am I to be paid for
this small chore, hm?
You're being paid enough
for a thousand such tasks.
Oh, I can't wait to bed you, wench.
You raise my expectations.
I'll rescue your rogues.
First, I want a taste of your lips
to send me to my grave.
[romantic music]
Brash hulk!
Who is he?
I don't know.
Well at least you won't have to
pay your, uh, debt.
He won't live to see the sunrise.
- [door slamming]
- [dramatic music]
[man shouting]
[crashing]
[Craccus] Go through the back,
me lady, quick!
[Alana screaming]
[music continues]
Come out and live
or stay and die!
The choice is yours.
You have five minutes to decide.
Come, lads!
Your rebellion is over!
The king has your leader in chains.
Give yourselves up.
You heard the jackal.
Do we fight or surrender?
[tense music]
Oil! They're pouring oil.
- [suspenseful music]
- [oil splashing]
[man shouting]
[men cheering]
[general] Get back there, scum!
Stand by for torching!
[dramatic music]
Arrows,
set!
[man] Burn!
[fire whooshing]
[general]
All eyes on the cave!
Not a single rebel is to escape.
[fire whooshing]
This is your final chance!
Surrender or roast!
[tense music]
[general] Ready!
Take aim!
Fire!
[fire roaring]
[men screaming]
[screaming]
[light music]
- [waves crashing]
- [soft music]
[man] Everyone has come
to recognize him as a true heir.
With the prince captured,
I guess his sister Alana is
the rightful heir.
[man 2] It's all a bit muddled.
We farmers tend to stay out
of such affairs.
How do you plan to rescue Lord Mikah,
warrior?
[Talon] Just get me into the castle
and I'll think of something.
[water dripping]
This will lead us into the castle?
According to this map,
it'll lead us right into the dungeon.
Light me a torch.
Give me a hand with this.
[tense music]
Now is that any way to treat
your husband to be?
You're right, Titus.
Take me, my Lord.
[soft music]
Oh, Titus.
Tonight you will be my queen.
And soon, the queen of the entire world.
And I will make love to you
like no other can.
With what?
- [Cromwell grunting]
- [suspenseful music]
[sword scraping]
Love or not, you will be my queen.
[Alana]
Nothing can force me to marry you.
Not even the life of your brother?
[man screaming]
[man groaning]
[door slamming]
[laughing]
[man groaning]
Your Majesty?
Elizabeth, this is no place for you.
I've brought you some food and wine.
You've labored long.
I thought you'd be hungry.
Hungry indeed.
But not for food.
Dear Elizabeth, your new life
as my consort suits you fine.
I was meant to be yours, my king.
- [flesh sizzling]
- [man screaming]
[laughing]
Leave us, Verdugo.
[yelps]
So, prince,
are you going to tell me where Xusia is?
What are you talking about?
- [groans]
- Mikah.
How else could this rabble
uprising grow this far?
Xusia must be behind it.
He's the only one who can
truly challenge me.
You've been challenged by me.
Xusia of Delos died a thousand years ago!
Ah!
I myself raised Xusia from the dead.
Little did I know what I let
loose upon the world.
Old wives' tale!
[Cromwell] It's no tale.
I've stalked Xusia for ten years,
watching for signs of his devilish work.
He's using you as a pawn to gain
control of my kingdom.
Your kingdom?
Nothing you call yours
is truly yours, Cromwell.
My God, man, there is a demon
in our midst.
And he is the leader of your cause.
Now you tell us where he is
and save us all.
[tense music]
I am the only leader of this rebellion.
Very well.
There must be someone,
a mentor or an advisor perhaps.
[Mikah] There is no one!
He may not look like a demon.
In human form, he can look like anyone.
But there'd be traces of
a serpent in his face,
wildness of a jackal in his eyes..
You're mad.
Perhaps.
[water splashing]
[groaning]
What's the matter?
I'm too old for this.
Come on, I'll help you.
I can't take another step.
I'm not leaving you here.
Go on. Save yourself.
I'll carry you, come on.
Over here, come on, rest over here.
Is this the only way to the dungeons?
Yes, my lord.
Don't call me that.
What a place.
How much further is it?
The hidden entrance into the dungeons
is only a little further.
[creature squeaking]
What is it?
What do you hear?
- Is someone--
- Listen.
[creatures squeaking, scratching]
- [man shouting]
- [rats shrieking]
- [Talon] Move!
- [suspenseful music]
- [men shouting]
- [rats shrieking]
[man screaming]
[men shouting]
[rats shrieking]
[stones crumbling]
[man] Uh, you go first, warrior.
Perhaps we should wait for you here.
To guard the escape.
You do that.
[foreboding music]
Quiet!
You want to get us caught?
There are guards everywhere!
- [man speaks indistinctly]
- Where are you going?
[guard] Stop or your leader dies.
[gulps]
[tense music]
[suspenseful music]
[both grunting]
[door crashing]
[tense music]
- [grunts]
- [blow thudding]
[man] Pile of crocks.
- Blast!
- [knocking on door]
[grunts] Get the door, [indistinct].
- [man grumbles indistinctly]
- [man choking]
- [Talon] Pull back the bolt.
[tense music]
[men grunting]
[bright music]
Warrior?
[gasps] It's me, Rodrigo.
What the devil are you doing here?
Cromwell's men were waiting for us
at the sewer opening.
They intend to crucify us
during tomorrow's feast.
I should let them.
Teach you a lesson.
[keys jingling]
- Free everyone.
- [indistinct chattering]
Which one of these cells holds Mikah?
None. They took him to Cromwell's
torture chamber.
Poor Mikah.
[man groaning] Thank you!
Oh, get up.
You're not animals to grovel.
Oh, thank...
Thank you!
Who are you?
My name Esta Devereux.
I was once Cromwell's architect.
After I built this castle,
the king had me imprisoned.
- You built this place?
- Oh yes!
They threw me in here five years ago
to ensure that the castle's secrets
would never be revealed.
What secrets?
Oh.
Hidden passages and...
secret exits and...
and more.
More.
I want you to tell me all you know.
Oh I will, I will.
[door opens]
Sire! The dungeon guards are dead
and the prisoners are gone.
[tense music]
Elizabeth,
you wait here.
- No.
- Shh.
Trust me.
Kill everyone in that chamber now.
[keys jingling]
Angel.
Hush. Save your strength.
[Mikah groans]
- [Elizabeth gasping]
- [suspenseful music]
- [sword clanging]
- [Elizabeth screaming]
[Talon] Use it or put it away.
[Mikah groaning]
- You did it.
- What did you expect?
I owe you one, my friend.
No, your sister owes me.
Now go before it's too late.
- Come on.
- [groans]
Thank you.
Well get going!
- [Rodrigo] I'll stay.
- [Devereaux] I will too.
We get out together or we die together.
Come on then.
[dramatic music]
[guard] There they are!
[man shouting]
- [blows landing]
- [grunting]
[Talon] Damn!
[grunts]
[men shouting]
[music continues]
[guards shouting]
[mace whooshing]
[man shouting]
[glass shattering]
[gasping]
[soft music]
[guards shouting]
I'd love to stay, but...
[upbeat music]
[guards shouting]
[woman shouting]
[women shouting]
[soft music]
[door opens]
[guard shouts]
[upbeat music]
[sword clanging]
[both grunting]
[shouts]
- [Alana gasping]
- [staff smacking]
[Talon shouting]
[Talon grunting]
- [chickens squawking]
- [horse neighs]
[light music]
[man] General?
- [men shouting]
- [suspenseful music]
[guard shouting]
- [guard] Down there!
- Oh.
[bright music]
[tense music]
[guard] Come on, this way.
[bright music]
[foreboding music]
Who dies first?
[Cromwell] I'll be the first.
[ominous music]
Don't act as if you don't know who I am,
Xusia.
It's your old friend, Cromwell.
[tense music]
[no audio]
Now we'll see how a sorcerer
fares against cold steel.
I'm no sorcerer
but I'll gladly test your steel,
old friend.
[swords clanging]
[dramatic music]
[steel clatters]
[Cromwell] He's mine!
[voices clamoring]
[swords clanging]
[guard screams]
[guards shouting]
[Cromwell] Out of my way!
[both screaming]
[water splashing]
[music continues]
[both grunting]
[water splashing]
[blow thuds]
[Cromwell] You! [grunts]
How dare you intervene!
Please forgive me, Your Majesty.
But it is a mistake to play
with Xusia this way.
This man's no sorcerer!
Please do not be fooled by this ploy.
Xusia's cunning knows no bounds.
Have you forgotten what this man has done
to your Red Dragons?
He must be one of Xusia's demons.
Forgive me.
I mean no disrespect, Your Majesty.
I live only to serve the greater
glory of your name!
Indeed, Machelli, indeed.
Fine duel.
Pity we won't learn who's the better.
[solemn music]
[tense music]
[rooster crowing]
[camels grunting]
[Mikah yelling]
[Elizabeth] Easy, my lord.
Your wounds must be cleansed.
Rodrigo.
Yes, my Grace.
What happened to Alana?
She is to be married to Cromwell tonight.
[grunts] Like hell.
And the warrior is to be crucified.
I should have helped him.
[Mikah groaning]
Tonight...
rally our men.
We will crush Cromwell, or die.
Go back into the castle?
How else? [grunts]
[woman] Come in, old man.
- Mm.
- [light music]
- [man] Darius?
- [Darius] Mm!
Darius?
[light music]
Well, did you find him?
Aye. King has him in chains.
[Darius] Good god.
What did he do now,
have at one of the king's sluts?
It's not clear.
But they mean to execute him tonight.
[somber music]
Damn. Mmm.
Go! Roust the men from the house.
Check the [indistinct] for stragglers.
- Move!
- I fear we can't get to him, Darius.
There must be a way into the castle.
We might all perish.
Damn you, Philip, then we all die.
Many a time Talon has saved our skins,
or have you forgotten?
I just think we need more men.
You got 'em!
Who are you?
Captain Morgan, an old cohort of Talon's.
How many are you?
We number only 20,
surely not enough to aid you.
Blast you, Eric.
Spread the word of Talon's plight.
Half the seadogs in this port
owe their lives to him.
Now go!
[bright music]
See, Philip, you have so little faith.
Now gather the men!
Myra! Myra, look!
Look who just returned.
Elizabeth. But is--
Cromwell set you free?
No, I was saved!
By who?
I know not, but he risked all for me.
This savior, did he have
a gauntlet of steel?
Well yes.
Do you know him?
Aye, all too well.
Damn his heart.
He goes for a joint of beef
and ends up rescuing a king's wench.
And now it falls to us to fetch him.
He's been captured?
The lad will be crucified tonight.
[somber music]
We can't let him die for us.
- We must save him.
- [Darius] We will.
Let me go with you?
I know the way into castle.
Tell me the way.
I beg you, let me lead you to him.
[swelling music]
To the sword, then.
We should never have followed
that bitch in here.
Quiet, barnacle!
It was those landlubbers that
threw us in this trap.
Watch your mouth, seadog,
before I take this chain and
wrap it around your neck
till your lousy head falls off.
If there's battle between us,
you'll be swimmin' in your own gizzards!
When we get out of here
I intend to settle this.
I'll meet you scum, anywhere you choose!
[men shouting]
[ominous music]
Enough!
Enough, or I'll skin all of you!
[men quieting]
What's on your mind, potato head?
Cromwell sends you a bargain.
Out of the goodness of his heart.
[laughs] Cromwell's goodness?
Silence, you black dog!
Now tell me who sent you
to invade this castle
and I'll be merciful.
[men laughing]
Bring them in!
[tense music]
[Elizabeth groaning]
These two had nothing to say,
so I cut out their tongues.
Now speak, while you still have yours!
[whimpers]
Tell me who sent you here
or I'll skin her before your very eyes.
[whimpers]
- [groaning]
- [screaming]
- [man shouting]
- [suspenseful music]
[men shouting]
- [body thudding]
- [Elizabeth groans]
[somber music]
[intense music]
[men grumbling]
[man] Rat.
[man] I hear the four kings have arrived
with one thousand knights.
But only two will be allowed to accompany
each king to the feast.
[tense music]
Once we've assassinated
the kings and lords,
Cromwell must exchange
his vows with Alana.
We can send out armies to sweep
across the continent
to consolidate our power.
With the rebellion crushed,
no one can stop us.
Where's Cromwell?
He is preoccupied.
He has given me charge of his army
until further notice.
[man] Well, let's finish with this.
General Thogan.
My knights will seal off
the exits from the feast.
No one will get out.
[Machelli] Good.
General Rombolt.
When the signal is given,
my archers will kill
everyone at the feast.
General Renqo.
You shall see to it that all
the kings' bodyguards are dead
before the assassinations begin.
What is the signal?
When Alana gives her vows.
Imagine, all the nobility of Ehdan
and the kings of four empires
wiped out in one fell swoop.
Cromwell is a genius.
[foreboding music]
In three hours time,
one man will control
the entire civilized world.
[soft music]
[man] Their royal majesties,
King Leonidas of Benoa,
King Ludwig of Garis,
King Sancho of Valencia,
and King Charles of the Franks.
- [indistinct chattering]
- [bright music]
Is that Chief Talon?
[man] Certainly looks like him.
- Well?
- It is him.
How can that be?
Last I heard he was chieftain
of the Black tribes
helping them to overthrow some slaver.
We owe that man too much
to let him die like some dog
at the hands of Cromwell.
- Yes, but the treaty.
- Damn the treaty!
There'd be no kingdoms at all
if it weren't for him.
- It will be war.
- Very well.
Let it be war.
[tense music]
[foreboding music]
[men]
Cromwell, Cromwell, Cromwell, Cromwell.
Cromwell, Cromwell, Cromwell,
Cromwell, Cromwell.
[light music]
Join hands.
[speaking Latin]
[indistinct chattering]
[tense music]
[men murmuring, whistling]
Who is here to help the barbarian
with the gauntlet of steel?
Who are you?
Never mind.
The barbarian is to be killed any moment.
We must save him.
[Darius] Unlock this door, wench,
and leave that to us!
- [men roaring]
- [upbeat music]
Let's treat the guards to
one hell of a fight!
For Talon!
[soldiers cheering]
[ax grinding]
[Verdugo] Don't worry, little girl.
It won't hurt until I hit
the bones. [laughing]
[groaning]
- [Morgan shouts]
- [stone crashing]
[dramatic music]
- [head grinding]
- [Verdugo screaming]
Do you, Titus Cromwell,
take this woman to be your bride,
your queen, the mother of your children?
I do.
[priest] Repeat after me.
- [priest continues indistinctly]
- [tense music]
Do you, Alana,
daughter of Lord Mogullen,
the last heir to the crown of Ehdan,
take this man, Titus,
protector of Ehdan,
Emperor of Swedia, Castul, Gulden, Aragon,
and Iberia,
overlord of Grecia and Keltide,
and all the northern kingdoms of
the western world
master of Sudda...
[man grunting]
[priest continues indistinctly]
...to be your groom, your lover,
master, and the father of your children?
[somber music]
[groaning]
[dramatic music]
I...
Cromwell!
Attack!
- [bright music]
- [men shouting]
[yells]
[Alana screaming]
Stand back.
[Talon] Small world, Your Majesty.
- [triumphant music]
- [sword slicing]
[swords clanging]
[man yelling]
[urn crashing]
[triumphant music]
Tal!
[swords clanging]
[voices clamoring]
[Machelli] I put your army on alert
and had them gather seven days'
ride from here.
They await your presence.
Well that's quite a set up,
you were assuming something
might go wrong.
I have lived only to serve you,
Your Majesty.
With your army ready to strike,
we shall yet crush these rebel dogs.
[suspenseful music]
This won't take but a moment.
Man, thou art the devil!
[Talon shouting]
[swords breaking]
[dramatic music]
[grunting]
Machelli.
The rebellion is finally on.
Yes.
Now we must get you to safety.
- [Talon grunting]
- [suspenseful music]
[Alana gasps]
[Cromwell] Machelli.
Finish the dog!
- [dramatic music]
- [both grunting]
[men shouting]
You go after Alana.
Go!
- [men shouting]
- [swords clanging]
[lizard hissing]
[foreboding music]
[Alana gasping]
What are you doing?
We await Cromwell.
Why?
To end his reign and begin mine.
Mikah.
[Machelli] Mikah is dead.
No!
No! No! No! [grunts]
[Machelli] The rebellion is dead.
I am the power!
Beyond that gate lies my destiny.
You can be part of it, or a victim of it.
The choice is yours.
[tense music]
Fine.
I've wanted you for a long time.
You are the strength.
You are the power.
Take me.
You are wiser than I thought, Alana.
Promise me you'll obey my every wish,
my every command.
Yes.
I'll obey you.
- If you obey this!
- [knee thudding]
[Alana gasping]
[ominous music]
[distorted voice] See me, Alana,
as I am truly am.
- [fabric tearing]
- [growling]
[skin crackling]
[growling]
[roaring]
[bones cracking]
[skin plopping]
- [Xusia growling]
- [ominous music]
[Alana shouting]
Now you are mine.
- Die, jackal!
- [dramatic music]
[skin sizzling]
[Cromwell screaming]
[Alana grunting]
[snake hissing]
[Cromwell groaning]
[Xusia] Now I shall have thy soul,
thy body, thy empire.
[Cromwell groaning]
[dramatic music]
[roars]
I have no quarrel with you.
Out of my way.
Cromwell is mine!
Now we have a quarrel.
- [Xusia laughs]
- [gasps]
[Talon grunting]
[heart beating]
[tense music]
[Xusia growling]
- [Xusia roaring]
- [sword firing]
[Xusia screaming]
[ominous music]
Sly sword.
[tense music]
[sword firing]
Then let's finish it.
- [Talon shouting]
- [blades clanging]
[suspenseful music]
[metal clattering]
[both grunting]
[Cromwell shouts]
[Alana groaning]
[snake hissing]
[swords clanging]
[Cromwell screaming]
[gasping]
[screams]
[tense music]
Who are you?
Talon,
son of Richard.
[laughing]
[Alana yelling]
[Talon shouting]
[snakes hissing]
- [Xusia roaring]
- [suspenseful music]
[Xusia shrieking]
[solemn music]
[crown clattering]
[Talon] Why the long faces?
Good God, you've snatched a kingdom.
Talon!
[man] Talon!
[both] Talon!
[all] Talon, Talon, Talon, Talon, Talon!
[sweeping music]
And all that goes with it.
[bright music]
Don't we have some business to attend to?
That we do.
[Alana yelps]
[all cheering]
[man]
So the debt's been paid, eh, general?
Aye.
[militaristic music]
Now to Maladon to save Lambosia's kingdom!
[horse neighs]
What do you want?
To join up!
I want to ride with you.
Well, men,
let's be off.
We've a battle in the offing,
kingdoms to save and women to love!
- [upbeat music]
- [men shouting]
[dramatic music]